LAST TIME ON
"YU-GI-OH! GX..."
WE'RE LOOKING
FOR THIS PERSON.
SEEN HIM?
SORRY.
YOUR FRIEND IS
PROBABLY GONE.
THIS PLACE ISN'T SAFE FOR
DUELISTS ANYMORE SINCE
THE SUPREME KING CAME.
WHO IS THIS SUPREME KING?
HE IS THE ONE
WHO RULES THIS WORLD.
AND IT IS HE WHO IS BEHIND
THE EVIL THAT TRANSPIRES
THROUGHOUT THIS LAND.
JADEN IS NOW A PRISONER
OF THE KING!
IT'S BEST IF YOU STAY HERE
AND HELP COMBAT THE FIENDS
WHEN THEY RETURN!
WE CAN'T STAY,
WE HAVE TO LEAVE.
BUT YOUR FRIEND
IS LOST.
HE'D DO EVERYTHING TO SAVE US,
AND NOW WE HAVE TO DO THE SAME!
AXEL...
THE VILLAGE MUST
HAVE BEEN ATTACKED!
[ATTACKING ROARS]
HOW COULD THEY?
THEY WERE JUST
INNOCENT PEOPLE!
I CAN SEE SOMEONE!
BURGUNDY!
WE COULDN'T
DEFEAT HIM!
FIGHT THE FIGHT.
I'VE SEEN
ENOUGH OF THIS!
IT'S TIME FOR REVENGE.
HEY!
SUPREME KING!
I CHALLENGE YOU!
VERY WELL.
I ACCEPT!
AH!
IS THAT... JADEN?
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW
LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE
THE GRADE SOMEHOW, YEAH! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Jim:
YOU GOTTA BE KIDDIN' ME!
IS THAT REALLY JADEN
DOWN THERE?
NAH. IT CAN'T BE.
SURPRISE!
AH!
[HISS]
YOU OKAY?!
[SWORD UNSHEATHING]
HUH?
ONE MORE MOVE...
AND IT'LL BE YOUR LAST.
HEY, SHIRLEY,
YOU GOOD?
[GROWL]
BUT YOU WON'T BE,
SOON ENOUGH.
Jim: I DON'T KNOW
WHO YOU GUYS ARE,
BUT YOU'RE NOT GETTING
IN THE WAY OF ME AND MY FRIEND.
SO, MOVE IT,
AND GET OUTTA MY WAY!
J! YOU'RE HAVIN' A LAUGH,
RIGHT, MATE?!
WHERE'D YOU FIND THESE JOKERS?
SILENCE!
SLIME LIKE YOU
MAY NOT ADDRESS
OUR KING.
IT'S ALL RIGHT, LADS.
HE'S A FRIEND.
TELL 'EM, JADEN!
SO THEY'LL GET THESE SWORDS
OUTTA MY FACE.
NO MORE WARNINGS, MORTAL!
AH! JADEN! AH!
BACK OFF!
COME ON, J.
WHAT'S GOIN' ON?
AND WHAT'S WITH
THE OUTFIT?
WHERE YOU GOIN'?!
HEY!
I SUMMON FIRE TROOPER!
[ROARING]
[GASPING]
LET'S GO!
THEY'RE GONE!
HUH!
SCARED LITTLE BUGS.
THEY WILL NOT GET
VERY FAR.
LET US GO
HUNT THEM DOWN!
LEAVE THEM ALONE!
HUH?
BUT...
THEY'RE INSIGNIFICANT.
I'M ONLY INTERESTED IN WARRIORS
BRAVE ENOUGH TO FIGHT.
FOUND SOME WATER.
THANKS, AXEL.
OPEN UP, SHIRLEY.
[GROWLS]
THERE YOU GO.
DID YOU SEE
THAT BLANK LOOK
ON JADEN'S FACE?
IT WAS LIKE HE DIDN'T
EVEN RECOGNIZE US.
TELL YOU WHAT,
I'M NOT EVEN SURE
THAT WAS HIM.
I HEAR YA.
SOMETHIN' DODGY'S
GOING ON.
BUT IT WAS JADEN.
HMM?
I COULD SEE OUR PAL
WITH MY
TRUE EYE.
HUH?
YOUR TRUE EYE?
Axel: JIM,
WHAT DO YOU MEAN,
YOUR "TRUE EYE?"
IT'S A LONG STORY.
WELL, MY "TRUE EARS"
WOULD LOVE TO HEAR IT.
YOU BELIEVE PEOPLE HAVE,
LIKE, AN INNER SPIRIT,
RIGHT?
A SPIRIT THAT
NEVER GOES AWAY?
SURE...
HOLD UP...
ARE YOU SAYING
YOU CAN ACTUALLY
SEE INNER SPIRITS?
KIND OF.
[GROWL]
HUH?
LIKE WHEN I FIRST
MET JADEN, I COULD SEE
HE WAS AN OKAY BLOKE.
Jaden: I'M SORRY, JIM!
I JUST THOUGHT
THAT MAYBE SHIRLEY
WOULD TRUST ME AS
A FRIEND AS WELL!
HMM?
COME HERE, GIRL.
MMM. THIS SURE
SMELLS DELICIOUS.
EAT UP!
LOOK, GUYS,
FIVE FINGERS.
GOOD GIRL, WANT SOME MORE?
HOW 'BOUT THESE?
WITH CREAM FILLING!
Jim: I COULDN'T BELIEVE
HOW FAST SHIRLEY TOOK TO JADEN.
IT'S ALMOST LIKE THEY HAD
A SPECIAL CONNECTION.
AND IT'S THEM
CONNECTIONS I CAN SEE.
JUST BY LOOKING AT SOMEONE,
I CAN TELL WHAT'S GOING ON
INSIDE THEM.
I DON'T KNOW HOW ELSE
TO DESCRIBE IT.
WHEN I MEET SOMEONE,
I CAN SEE
THEIR TRUE ESSENCE.
HUH?
PEOPLE CAN TRY TO HIDE
THEIR TRUE INTENTIONS,
BUT I CAN GET PAST
ALL THAT.
IT'S LIKE I CAN TELL
WHO A PERSON REALLY IS.
HUH.
I USED TO THINK I WAS JUST
GOOD AT
FIRST IMPRESSIONS.
IT ALL STARTED
AFTER I SAVED SHIRLEY.
SEE, ONE DAY I WAS GOING
AROUND SETTING OFF TRAPS
THAT THE CRUEL POACHERS
HAD LEFT BEHIND.
SHIRLEY WAS WITH ME
MESSIN' ABOUT, LIKE SHE DOES.
AND THEN SHE DECIDED
TO COME OVER AND PLAY.
SHE WAS ABOUT TO STEP
IN ONE OF THEM TRAPS.
I JUMPED TO STOP HER.
BUT THAT'S WHEN WE WENT
FOR A BIT OF A TUMBLE
STRAIGHT OFF A CLIFF
AND INTO A RIVER.
AAH!
WHEN I WOKE UP,
I BEGAN TO SEE THINGS
IN AN ENTIRELY
NEW LIGHT.
HUH?
[SIGHS]
Man: WELL, WELL!
YOU'RE AWAKE.
HUH?
I SAW WHAT YOU DID.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN,
"WHAT I DID?"
WHO ARE YOU?
[GROANS]
THAT BANDAGE MUST STAY ON
UNTIL THE TIME IS RIGHT.
WHAT'D YA DO TO MY EYE?
DO NOT WORRY.
ALL WILL BE OKAY.
I SAW YOU AID
YOUR FRIEND.
YOU PUT YOUR OWN LIFE
AT RISK.
I'D DO ANYTHING
FOR SHIRLEY.
WHICH IS WHY YOU ARE WORTHY
OF THE SACRED EYE...
THE EYE OF ORICHALCUM.
THE EYE OF THE...
ORICHALCUM?
AN EYE FORGED LONG AGO,
IT PROVIDES ITS OWNER
WITH THE POWER TO SEE
THE GOOD AND EVIL IN A PERSON.
I'VE BEEN LOOKING
FOR SOMEONE TO PASS IT
ON TO FOR QUITE SOME TIME.
THIS EYE WILL HELP YOU SAVE
A DEAR FRIEND IN NEED.
UNTIL THE
APPROPRIATE TIME ARRIVES,
YOU MUST KEEP IT COVERED.
WHEN WILL I KNOW
IF THE TIME IS RIGHT?
BEHOLD.
[GASPS]
THE COMET ABOVE TRAVELS
OVER MANY WORLDS.
NEXT YOU SEE IT,
YOU WILL KNOW THE TIME IS NEAR.
ONLY WHEN THE COMET'S TAIL
TURNS TOWARDS YOU
WILL YOU KNOW WHAT
NEEDS TO BE DONE.
THAT'S WHEN
YOU ARE TO REMOVE
THE WRAPPINGS THAT ARE
COVERING YOUR EYE.
HUH?
A COMET TURNS.
A FRIEND
WALKS LOST.
A BANDAGE FALLS.
THE EYE
SEES THE TRUTH.
A FRIEND SHOWS US THE WAY.
"A COMET TURNS.
"A FRIEND
WALKS LOST.
"A BANDAGE FALLS.
"THE EYE SEES
THE TRUTH.
A FRIEND SHOWS US THE WAY."
I ALWAYS THOUGHT THE OLD GUY
WAS OFF HIS ROCKER,
BUT NOW THE PIECES FIT.
WELL?
HOW'S SHE LOOK?
AHH!
YOU WEREN'T KIDDING.
WHAT'S THAT THING
MADE OF?
YOU GOT ME.
I'VE NEVER SEEN IT.
SO, WHAT DO YOU THINK THAT
RIDDLE'S SUPPOSED TO MEAN?
WHAT TRUTH
ARE YOU SEEING?
WHAT FRIEND IS GONNA
SHOW US THE WAY?
I COULD STILL SEE
THE JADEN YOU AND I KNOW.
AND THE FRIEND HE SPOKE ABOUT,
THAT'S JADEN.
I'M TO SAVE HIM
SO HE CAN SHOW US THE WAY.
TO WHAT, JIM?
I DON'T KNOW.
HOME, MAYBE?
EITHER WAY...
"A FRIEND WALKS LOST,"
AND I'M GONNA TRY
AND FIND HIM.
YOU'RE GONNA DUEL HIM.
THAT'S RIGHT.
IF SOMETHIN' HAPPENS TO ME,
TAKE CARE OF SHIRLEY.
RIGHT, MATE.
ALL RIGHT, THEN.
TIME TO GET MY FRIEND BACK!
[GROWLS]
GOOD LUCK, JIM!
HERE WE GO.
SUPREME KING!
IF YOU CAN HEAR ME, MATE,
COME ON OUT!
Skull Knight:
LOOK WHO IT IS.
[EVIL LAUGH]
YOU CAME BACK.
THIS TIME,
YOU WON'T BE LEAVING.
[GROWLS]
TAKE A HIKE, BOYS!
I'M NOT HERE FOR YOU.
I'M HERE TO CHALLENGE YOUR
SUPREME KING TO A DUEL!
GET BACK!
[GASPING]
THIS DUEL IS ALL MINE.
ALL RIGHT, JIM,
LET'S SEE WHAT YOU CAN DO.
GAME ON!
SUPREME KING
OR NOT,
I'M GONNA RULE
THIS BATTLE.
AND I'M GONNA GET
MY FRIEND BACK.
[LAUGHTER]
[GROWLS]
SO, WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?
MAKE A MOVE.
THANKS,
YOUR HIGHNESS.
DON'T MIND IF I DO!
HERE WE GO, THEN.
I DRAW!
AND SUMMON SHELL KNIGHT
IN DEFENSE MODE!
WHEN HE'S SUCCESSFULLY
SUMMONED TO THE FIELD,
MY OPPONENT TAKES
500 POINTS OF DAMAGE.
ATTACK HIM...
NOW!
GO, SHELL BURST BARRAGE!
I PLACE ONE CARD
FACE-DOWN
AND END MY TURN.
NOT BAD... HE DEALT
SOME DAMAGE,
AND SET UP
SOME DEFENSE.
[LAUGHS]
THAT DEFENSE IS USELESS.
SIMPLY PATHETIC.
WITH MOVES LIKE THAT,
THIS SHOULDN'T TAKE LONG.
I DRAW!
FIRST UP, I PLAY
A RATHER "FIENDISH" SPELL.
DARK FUSION.
HUH?
WHAT COULD THAT BE?
I DON'T LIKE
THE SOUND OF THAT.
THAT'S A NEW EDITION
TO JADEN'S DECK.
I WONDER WHAT HE'S
GONNA DO WITH THAT?
WITH DARK FUSION,
I COMBINE
ELEMENTAL HERO AVIAN
AND ELEMENTAL HERO
BURSTINATRIX...
TO FORM EVIL HERO
INFERNO WING!
[SHOUTING]
SO, DARK FUSION
TAKES TWO GOOD GUYS
AND MAKES
ONE BAD GUY?
GO, INFERNO WING!
ATTACK THIS WORM
WITH INFERNO BLAST!
[YELLING]
I PLAY MY FACE-DOWN.
SAKURETSU ARMOR!
THIS CARD DESTROYS
AN ATTACKING MONSTER.
YES, NORMALLY THAT
WOULD BE THE CASE, BUT...
BECAUSE OF DARK FUSION,
THINGS ARE DIFFERENT.
INFERNO WING CAN'T BE DESTROYED
BY SPELLS OR TRAPS.
SAY WHAT?!
AH!
[GROANING]
BUT MY SHELL KNIGHT
IS IN DEFENSE MODE.
SO HOW COME I TOOK
DAMAGE JUST NOW?
BY ATTACKING YOU, HER SPECIAL
ABILITY GETS ACTIVATED.
AND THEN SHE DEALS DAMAGE
EQUAL TO YOUR MONSTERS'
ATTACK OR DEFENSE POINTS,
WHICHEVER ONE IS HIGHER.
SINCE SHELL KNIGHT HAS
MORE DEFENSE POINTS,
YOU LOSE
TWO THOUSAND LIFE POINTS.
AW, MAN!
[GROWLS]
HE'S NOT LONG FOR
THIS DUEL, IS HE?
NO ONE IS
WHEN THE KING DUELS.
LOOK AT HIM!
JADEN....
HUH?
WHAT'S THAT?
HMM?
I KNOW YOU'RE IN THERE, J.
I SEE YOU...
THE GOOD YOU.
YOU'RE AFRAID.
YOU'RE HIDING 'CAUSE YOU
FEEL BAD ABOUT SOMETHING.
BUT THERE'S NO REASON
TO HIDE ANY LONGER.
IT'S FINALLY THE TIME.
Old man:
A COMET TURNS.
A FRIEND WALKS LOST.
A BANDAGE FALLS.
THE EYE SEES THE TRUTH.
[GROWLS]
A FRIEND SHOWS US THE WAY.
THE EYE OF ORICHALCUM
IS AT LAST REVEALED.
I CAN SEE YOU,
MY DEAR FRIEND.
YOU'RE TRAPPED.
BUT I'LL SET YOU FREE!
[GASPS]
[GASPING]
WHAT...
WHAT'S THIS ABOUT?!
[GROANING]
AH... HUH?
HUH?
HEY, JIM, WHERE HAVE
WE BEEN SENT TO?
IS YOUR EYE PLAYING
TRICKS ON US?
LOOK.
HUH?
I'M SORRY.
WHAT HAVE I DONE?
I CAN'T BELIEVE
THIS IS MY FAULT.
I'VE RUINED EVERYTHING,
AND... I CAN'T FIX IT.
I'M SO SORRY,
BUT I CAN'T FIX IT.
HEY, JADEN.
I'LL FIND A WAY TO FIX IT,
OR LOSE EVERYTHING TRYING.
Jaden:
I'M SO SORRY.
IT'S ALL MY FAULT.
I JUST DON'T UNDERSTAND
WHERE I WENT WRONG.
I DON'T GET IT.
THAT'S WHAT HAPPENS WHEN
YOU DUEL ONLY FOR YOURSELF!
YOU SEE, JADEN,
YOU'VE ALWAYS BEEN
A SELFISH DUELIST,
DON'T YOU SEE THAT
EVERY DUEL YOU'VE
EVER BEEN A PART OF
WAS PLAYED TO
SATISFY YOUR SELF-CENTERED
DESIRE TO BE NUMBER ONE?
SATISFYING YOUR OWN INTERESTS
AHEAD OF THE NEEDS OF OTHERS.
THAT MUST BE AN EASY WAY
TO LIVE.
LOOKING OUT FOR YOURSELF.
AND NEVER CARING
FOR ANYONE ELSE.
I DIDN'T THINK I JUST
LOOKED OUT FOR MYSELF.
I THOUGHT I WAS
A GOOD FRIEND.
DON'T LISTEN TO HIM.
MAYBE I AM SELFISH.
I JUST FOCUSED
ON WHAT I WANTED.
NOW MY FRIENDS,
THEY'RE GONE.
I'M SORRY!!
[MURMURING]
[GROANING]
AHH!
AH, WHAT'S GOING ON?
THIS IS SOME KIND
OF TRICK, RIGHT?
[GASPING]
YOU WON'T LIKE
WHAT YOU HEAR.
TELL ME!
HE'S UP THERE, IN THE STARS
WITH YOUR FOUR FRIENDS!
YOU'LL NEVER
SEE HIM AGAIN!
THEY'RE ALL GONE
AND IT'S ALL MY FAULT.
I DIDN'T LISTEN TO THEM,
AND NOW THEY'RE GONE.
I AM SELFISH!
I'M THE WORST!
I ONLY DID WHAT
I WANTED TO DO.
AND NOW, I'M ALONE.
I'M ALL ALONE.
OH!
Supreme King:
OF COURSE YOU'RE ALONE.
EVERYONE'S ALONE.
THERE'S NO SUCH THINGS
AS FRIENDS.
THERE'S JUST YOU...
AND YOU...
AND YOU... FOREVER!
SO WHAT IF YOUR FRIENDS
ARE GONE?
YOU CAN'T CHANGE THE PAST.
YOU CAN ONLY LOOK
TO THE FUTURE.
TOMORROW IS YOURS FOR
THE TAKING, BUT YOU HAVE
TO TRULY WANT IT.
AND IN ORDER TO TAKE IT,
YOU MUST HAVE POWER!
AND IF YOU WANT THIS POWER,
YOU HAVE TO BE MERCILESS.
USE THIS CARD,
AND YOU CAN CONQUER ANYTHING
THAT GETS IN YOUR WAY.
AH!
DON'T LISTEN TO HIM!
HE'S JUST TRYING
TO TRICK YOU, MATE.
HE'S JUST USING YOU.
IF YOU CAN HEAR ME,
JADEN,
JUST TURN AROUND
AND WALK AWAY.
Supreme King:
SILENCE!!
YOU OKAY, JIM?
MM-HMM.
[GROWLS]
THE EYE OF ORICHALCUM HAS
SHOWN US THE FIGHT GOING ON
IN JADEN'S MIND
BETWEEN GOOD AND EVIL.
DARKNESS HAS NOT
FULLY TAKEN OVER.
THERE IS STILL GOOD,
AND THE ONLY WAY
TO GET HIM BACK IS TO
BEAT HIS DARK HALF...
THE SUPREME KING!
I KNOW THAT YOU CAN HEAR ME,
JADEN, SO PLEASE, LISTEN UP.
DON'T GIVE IN!
JUST KEEP FIGHTIN',
AND TOGETHER WE CAN
MAKE THINGS RIGHT AGAIN.
IT WON'T BE EASY,
BUT YOU GOT US!
[GROWLS]
RIGHT THEN!
I DRAW!
YOU'RE NOT THE ONLY ONE
WITH A FUSION CARD
UP YOUR SLEEVE.
I'M ACTIVATIN' THE
SPELL FOSSIL FUSION!
NOW, I CAN REMOVE
SHELL KNIGHT FROM MY GRAVE
AND ELEMENTAL HERO
BURSTINATRIX FROM YOURS...
TO FUSION SUMMON...
FOSSIL WARRIOR
SKULL BONE!
[ROARS]
AND NEXT UP, I SACRIFICE
HALF MY LIFE POINTS
TO PLAY TIME STREAM!
NOW, I CAN DEVOLVE
MY SKULL BONE
FROM THE CENOZOIC ERA
TO THE MESOZOIC ERA.
GIVING ME A NEW
FOSSIL WARRIOR!
THE SKULL KNIGHT!
JADEN, SORRY, BUT THIS IS
THE ONLY WAY TO HELP.
YOU'LL THANK ME
WHEN IT'S OVER.
YOU READY, SUPREME KING?
GO, SKULL KNIGHT!
ATTACK WITH
SWIPING KNIGHT SLASH!
[ROARING]
NEXT, I'M ACTIVATIN'
THE SPELL CARD,
HALF LIFE, WHICH LETS
ME SUMMON BACK
THE SAME MONSTER I JUST
DESTROYED TO YOUR FIELD.
ONLY THIS TIME, IT'S GOT
HALF ITS ORIGINAL
ATTACK POINTS.
AND NOW, FOR MY
KNIGHT'S SPECIAL ABILITY.
SEE, IF THERE'S A MONSTER
OUT ON YOUR FIELD,
SKULL KNIGHT
ATTACKS AGAIN.
TAKE ANOTHER
SWIPE AT HER!
[GRUNTING]
[GASPS]
[GASPING]
JADEN!
CAN YOU HEAR ME?
YOU GOTTA FIGHT HIM.
YOU NEED TO WANT
TO BE FREE!
COME ON, PAL!
[GASPS]
HMM?
THOSE EYES ARE YOUR EYES.
COME ON, JADEN.
LET'S GET OUT
OF THIS PLACE.
YOU FOOL.
[GASPS]
YOUR EYE IS NO MATCH
FOR THE POWER OF DARKNESS.
CAN'T YOU SEE THAT?
JADEN AND I
ARE ONE SPIRIT.
HOW CAN THIS BE?
IF JIM'S EYE CAN'T
DEFEAT THE DARKNESS
CONTROLLING JADEN,
MAYBE HIS DUELING CAN.
IT LOOKS LIKE
THE ONLY WAY TO GET
THE JADEN WE KNOW BACK
IS TO DUEL HIS DARK HALF
AND SEND IT TO THE STARS.
NOW, JIM'S GONNA HAVE TO
PLAY HIS CARDS RIGHT
OR ELSE THIS DUEL
MIGHT BE HIS LAST DRAW!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW
LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪